Previously
on Ugly Betty...
You're dating a married man?
You think that doesn't tear me up?
- Well, then walk away!
- I can't!
I'm in love with him!
Are you offering me a job?
You will be my protégé.
- But that's Marc's job.
And now it's yours.
Stuart, what are you doing here?
What's wrong?
- I think he's doing drugs again.
- What?
I was on that trip with you in Paris.
I remember you drooling
all over his mother.
Your son's grandparents in France
filed a claim for custody.
I want to stay with my father.
I've made a decision.
Tonight, we are welcoming back,
as Editor-in-Chief of Mode,
Daniel Meade!
Don't forget,
I still own a third of this company.
You would be nothing
without that baby.
You can't push me aside.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Um... Is that light really necessary?
Sorry, Miss Suarez.
That's okay.
Believe me, no one wants to know
what happened to Christina
more than I do.
About that, do you have any idea
where Mr. Meade was last night?
Um...
Do I know where Daniel was last night?
- Hi, Dad!
- Morning, sweetheart!
Are we going to do this every morning?
Hey, I miss you at breakfast!
But I'm sure you're having a great
breakfast in your own apartment.
- It's great.
- I can't help it.
I still worry about you,
by yourself in the big city.
Do you think you have
enough locks on your door?
I have plenty.
And I grew up in the big city,
remember?
There's no need to be
so protective of... My umbrella!
Why would I be protective
of your umbrella?
No, I left my umbrella outside
my apartment and now it's gone.
Amor, you're too trusting.
You leave your umbrella outside
your apartment, people will steal it.
I'm sure somebody just borrowed it.
My neighbors are really nice.
Sounds a lot like your bike
in the seventh grade.
Okay, those guys totally said
that they would bring it back!
And it's fine if someone
borrowed my umbrella,
'cause I don't need it today, anyway.
- You look different.
- I'm wet.
Big improvement.
Good morning, Daniels!
What is popping, shortie?
Super tight! I am outie five-k!
Everyone at school listens to hip hop,
so he's sort of been studying up.
Well, he is a fast learner.
All right, Daniel,
your first day back at Mode.
- Schedule.
- Thank you.
- Mail.
- That's it?
Yep, the rest of it got forwarded
to Alexis, but I'm on it, don't worry.
And I also thought that I would go
do a dry-cleaning run for you,
since you're off the tracksuits. Yay!
Great. Can you have my raincoat
dry-cleaned while you're at it?
Hello, Dusty!
And I was supposed
to get my mom home last night,
but I ended up leaving the party early,
so if anyone asks, you can just say
we were here late packing up
at Player magazine.
But we weren't at Player.
I know. I just thought
it was the simplest explanation.
Well, why don't you just say
where you really were?
Wouldn't that be simpler?
Because I was...
Because it's not a big deal.
People, I have
an announcement to make!
This is urgent! I have important news!
Wilhelmina Slater is in the hospital!
It's okay.
She's only there because last night,
her surrogate, Christina, fell down
the stairs and is unconscious.
What?
Don't worry, the baby
and Wilhelmina are fine.
Marc! What about Christina?
I'm sure that she's...
You know what? I didn't ask.
Christina?
Hi, it's Betty.
Hey, Betty.
Are you all right? What happened?
I don't remember. It's a bit fuzzy.
I was leaving the party.
I'd had an awful time.
And I was at the top of the stairs, and...
And then someone pushed me.
What?
SUZUKl: Baby. Mama.
Rumors are swirling
ever since the surrogate
carrying Wilhelmina Slater and
Bradford Meade's latent love child
fell down the stairs.
Or was she pushed?
With Meade in the balance,
everyone wants to know
who could have done such a thing.
The millionaire playboy?
The tranny CEO?
The angry matriarch
acquitted of murder?
Or any one of Wilhelmina's
many close frenemies?
La Slater lost no time in trying
to help authorities find the culprit.
I will not rest until the person who
threatened the life of my unborn child...
And others.
...and others, is brought to justice.
So I am offering a reward of $ 100,000
to anyone
with information leading
to the apprehension of this monster!
This is a huge opportunity.
The more they talk about this,
the less they talk about the poor sales
of my first issue of Mode.
Still, Willie, doesn't it worry you a little,
this whole situation?
Well, of course I'm worried, Marc.
But when someone gives you chintz,
you can do two things.
A, whine about the fact
that it's an upholstery fabric,
or, B, turn it into
a fabulous bolero jacket.
Okay, you're a diabolical
fashion genius,
and I'm delighted to be
your first assistant again,
but your baby and others
are in the hospital.
- I know they're okay, but...
- Marc, you're right.
At the end of the day,
it's about my child.
Now, we'll have to make sure
the press knows that.
We need speeches, vigils,
long nights at the hospital
with our Scottish rent-a-womb.
We'll have to make sure
they don't forget the real victim here.
The baby.
Me!
You...
Hello, Mode magazine.
You'll have to call back.
Detective Averaimo.
I'm here to question people about...
- I did it.
- Excuse me?
And now, you have to interrogate me
for, like, hours and hours.
And I do not break easy.
I'm totally easy.
Detective Averaimo? Betty Suarez.
We're going to set you up
in the conference room.
But I'm guilty! Where are you going?
Just so you know, the victim,
Christina McKinney, is my best friend.
Don't worry, Miss Suarez.
We're taking this case very seriously.
The attempted murder
of a woman and her unborn child...
Well, if there's anything else that I can
do for you, please just let me know.
Yeah, well, you could start
by answering a few questions.
Um... Is that light really necessary?
Sorry, Miss Suarez.
Do I know where Daniel was last night?
Um...
You know, after the party.
I'm not really sure.
You see, he sort of asked me
to say he was working late
if anyone, you know, asked.
He asked you to lie?
No, no, not a lie.
More of a small untruth.
Excuse me. Yeah?
No. I think I just found
a very promising lead.
He said "very promising lead,"
and then he circled and underlined
Daniel's name! It's all my fault!
Speaking of which, I've been
watching a lot of cop shows lately,
and that Mariska Hargitay
wears some amazing pantsuits.
I'm just trying to keep things upbeat.
Sweetheart, I'm sure if he circled
and underlined Daniel's name,
the detective had a pretty good reason.
Dad, he only thinks Daniel's guilty
because of something I said!
It's not like Daniel could
ever do something like that.
Well, if Daniel's innocent, then
he has nothing to worry about. Right?
Right.
You're right.
I'm worrying about nothing.
I better get going.
Trains take forever to come after 9:00.
Thank you for the Italian burgers.
- All right, bye.
- You're welcome.
- Let us know what happens.
- Okay.
- Hi! Sorry I missed supper.
- I'm sure you were busy.
Hey, listen, we need to talk
about me and Coach. Okay?
You're the only one who knows,
and I know you're still mad at me...
Hilda, I'm not mad.
I was just surprised yesterday.
I never thought you were the type
of person who'd do something like this.
Wait, wait, wait a minute.
I'm the same person. I'm your sister.
Have a little faith.
Tony's marriage isn't working, okay?
He wants to be with me.
But getting out of a situation like that
is a little bit complicated.
So that's why we were wondering
if maybe we could just
borrow your apartment?
What? Are you crazy? No!
Hilda, I'm not going to let you turn my
apartment into some sort of sex den!
It's not about sex! It's about love.
Fine. Then some sort of love den.
If it was just about that,
then we could do it in his car.
But that is no place to talk about
whether or not
we have a future together.
Betty, I'm trying to figure this thing out
with him, you know?
And all we need is a place to talk.
Just talk. I promise.
I love you. Thank you, mami.
Well, before you talk to Daniel,
could you at least handcuff me?
Daniel! I have to tell you something!
I meant to tell you yesterday,
but I thought I should do it in person.
You see, I sort of maybe
admitted to the police
that you asked me to lie about where
you were the night of the party.
- Wait, why would you do that?
- I don't know!
I am not a very good liar
and I didn't think it was
that big of a deal and then he...
Mr. Meade? You got a minute?
I was wondering about something
I noticed in your office.
Are these your sneakers?
Yeah, those are actually...
They're Bapes. They're one-of-a-kind.
Nigo hand-molded the soles
for me and everything.
Fancy. Size 11, huh?
I'm afraid you're under arrest.
- What?
- Wait. What?
The tread marks here
match the size 11 shoe prints
we found in the stairwell
where Miss McKinney was pushed.
Betty, call my lawyer.
Um...
Right, okay, I will!
$200,000 bail.
That almost seems cheap.
Here comes the press.
Come on, guys.
Has anyone talked to Daniel Jr?
I mean, I don't want him
to see his father like this.
I've already handled it.
I told him it's a Meade thing.
See, Grandma was in jail before,
and Aunt Alexis may be in jail next!
Seriously, Mom.
We have to come up with a plan.
I think somebody's framing Daniel,
and I wouldn't put it past Wilhelmina.
- Let's go!
Thank you, Betty.
We have nothing to say
at this time, thank you.
Thank you.
What the...
- You're horrible.
- Why?
Because I care about the welfare
of my unborn child?
Wilhelmina!
That's right, I care about
the welfare of my poor, unborn child!
Because you're using me and the baby
as some kind of prop for a PR stunt.
This pregnancy has
just made you hysterical.
Believe me, I understand.
It's the hormones.
You just need a drink of water. Nurse!
Nurse, my surrogate
needs some water!
She's suffered so much already!
Please, won't anyone help me?
Can someone just give
her some water?
All right!
Daniel, look, I know this is my fault,
and I really want
to help you get out of it,
but you did tell me to lie
about where you were last night.
I know. It's complicated.
More complicated
than attempted murder?
Look, you just gotta believe me, Betty.
You know me. I didn't push Christina.
But beyond that,
the less I say, the better.
I promised Betty
we'd keep it clean in here.
That's too bad. I'm feeling dirty.
Coach, what did I just say?
Seriously, I'm dirty.
Water's out at work.
Thank you very much,
New York City public school system.
Yeah, I kind of need a shower.
Okay, well, now I miss the sexy talk.
Do you want to just
take a shower here?
I'll go get some ice cream. And then
when I come back, we can talk.
Talk.
When I say "talk," I actually mean talk.
Yeah, no, no,
I know exactly what you mean.
- I'll be back.
- All right.
All clean, sexy mama...
Whoa! Coach?
- Papi? Tony!
- Hilda!
Papi, what are you doing here?
I was worried about Betty.
I came to install locks.
What'd you get? Schlage locks?
- No, Kwikset.
- Yeah, those are good.
You're married?
Papi... Papi, it's not what you think.
I think I should go.
I don't know why
Daniel won't tell me where he was,
but I just don't think that he's capable
of doing something like this.
I mean, it's my fault
he's in this situation.
I have to prove that he's innocent.
And you can help me.
Well, what can I do?
I mean, I've already talked to the police.
I know, but maybe
there's something that you forgot,
or something that
you didn't fully explain,
that could help us find
who really pushed you.
I never got around to telling you
what happened with Stuart.
What happened with Stuart?
I saw him on the day of the party,
and we fought.
You used me! You just
wanted the money to buy drugs!
- Just listen to me.
- Just get your hands off me!
I am this close to calling immigration
and having you deported.
Oh, my God, Christina!
Everyone's so fixated on
who wants revenge on Wilhelmina,
nobody's talking about who hates you!
I'm sorry, that came out wrong.
What did the police say about Stuart?
I haven't exactly told them about it.
God, Betty, this has just been so awful.
I mean, do you think that Stuart
could really have done this to me?
I don't know. But you can't keep
something like this from the police.
Christina, you have
to tell them the truth.
I know.
Stuart!
Stuart! Hi. What are you doing here?
Well, I heard
Christina was in the hospital.
I had to come see that she's okay.
Yeah, it's just that they don't
really want anyone in there
who might upset her.
- She told you about the fight, huh?
- No.
Maybe. What size shoes do you wear?
- Why?
- No reason.
Size 14. The kids at school used
to call me Bigfoot. It was humiliating.
Now, do you want to tell me
why you need to know that?
Well, the person who pushed Christina
down the stairs wore a size 11.
Do you think I did it?
It breaks my heart that
you think I'm even capable
of hurting Christina. I love her.
Well, what do you expect, Stuart?
She gave up a lot for you
to save your life.
And now you're doing drugs again?
I'm in pain!
The treatment that Christina paid for,
it didn't work.
There's no cure.
So, I'm going to die. Okay?
Oh.
I'm sorry. I had no idea.
Are you going to tell her?
After what Christina's done for me,
to tell her it was all for nothing,
how am I gonna do that?
After all she's done for you,
she deserves to know.
This didn't work in high school.
Why would it work now?
What, are you stalking me?
A married man? Hilda, I thought
you were better than this.
Said the guy who had
an affair with our mom.
That was totally different.
Right, because you're a guy,
and you've got that whole
Latino macho thing happening.
Don't make this about that.
This is about you!
You never say anything like this
to Betty!
Maybe because Betty
wouldn't do something like this.
Good afternoon. Hi, I'm Betty Suarez,
I'm Daniel Meade's assistant.
I need the security tapes
from two nights ago.
You want the security tapes, too?
Like I said, I work for Daniel Meade,
as in, Meade Publications.
The guy they arrested
for pushing that pregnant lady?
- That's the one.
- That's crazy.
- You work for a murderer.
- Attempted murderer.
And he didn't do it.
And you work for him, too.
Wow!
I work for a murderer.
I hadn't considered that.
Right, so if you give me the tapes,
and we can prove he's innocent,
then we won't work for a murderer.
I can't do it.
The morning after your boss
tried to kill that poor pregnant lady,
the tapes were gone.
What?
Well, do you know who took them?
I'll tell you what I told the police
and that little blonde girl.
- Okay.
- I have no idea.
Wait, what little blonde girl?
So I asked about the tapes, so what?
I am not splitting
Wilhelmina's reward money with you.
Amanda, I don't care about the reward.
I just need to help Daniel.
Look, you know he's innocent, too.
I do. Look, don't judge me. Okay?
Not that you ever really could, in that.
But I really, really
need that reward money.
I'm having a little bit
of a cash flow problem.
And I may or may not have maxed out
a few credit cards.
- How many?
- Like, 15.
- Fifteen?
- Shh!
I like nice things, okay, so what?
Anyway, I'm not talking
to my parents now,
so I'm kind of on my own with this.
Not that you'd care.
No, of course I care.
Look, Amanda, you were there
the night Christina got pushed,
so why don't you just tell me
what you remember?
Well, it was late.
That's when I usually try the credit card
companies' Indian call centers.
They're so much nicer.
Seriously, I don't know why
you're making such a big deal
out of this, Rahul.
Is it a crime to purchase things
you can't pay for? No.
Amanda, have you seen the mustard?
I need it for my big, fat sandwich,
which I'm always,
like, eating around you
and making a total mess of myself.
I know. You always are, right?
I do not always eat sandwiches,
and I wasn't even there.
I'm just saying,
it really does feel that way sometimes.
So, anyway, I was back at my desk...
Okay, if I pay my bill,
then I can't pay my rent.
And if I can't pay my rent,
then where will you send my bill?
See, this is actually all for you.
- Christina?
- I peered around the corner.
But it wasn't a woman.
- Well, it was Marc.
- You will rue the day,
Wilhelmina Slater, that you decided
to cross Marc St. James!
I know all of your plans,
and I will make you pay!
Actually, I did push Christina
the other night.
- What?
- It's not what you think.
God, you people jump to conclusions.
And you...
I'd think someone with your skin tone
would be a little more sensitive
to prejudice.
Marc, don't change the subject.
You just said you pushed Christina.
And Amanda said she saw you yelling
at Wilhelmina that night.
Oh, that.
- Well, that really wasn't anything.
- Then why are you hiding it?
I'm not hiding it, I just don't want
anyone to know about it.
- Marc, that's the same thing.
- Fine!
You want to know what I was doing?
I'll show you.
You killed Wilhelmina
and you stuffed her!
- And you put her in Tahari?
- Amanda, it's a Wilhelmina doll.
It's a Wilhelmina mannequin.
She had it made for dress fittings.
Now, I'm not proud of this,
and I will deny it if asked,
but sometimes when I'm angry at her,
I will pull out the mannequin
late at night and yell at it.
You will rue the day,
Wilhelmina Slater, that you decided
to cross Marc St. James!
I know all of your plans,
and I will make you pay!
You slapped her? Hardcore.
Well, I apologized afterwards.
I mean, I know she's not real,
but she still scares me a little.
Marc, you still haven't explained
exactly why you were angry
at Wilhelmina.
I don't know. Maybe because
I've been loyal to her for years,
and then in a matter of days
she hires this little Mayan fireplug
and promotes her above me?
Marc, that again?
You may think that I lick Willie's
boots because I like it,
and I do, a little, they're fancy,
but there is a reason
why I put myself through it.
You're not the only one who wants
to get ahead in the magazine world.
I have dreams, too.
Wow.
You've never mentioned that.
Anyway, I was a little worked up,
yelling at the Wilhel-mannequin,
so I just wanted to go home.
But Christina was blocking my way.
- Excuse me.
You!
You're carrying that thing for her!
So that's the last time I saw Christina.
With Claire.
Who seemed pretty pissed off at her,
now that I think about it.
Oh, my God. Claire.
She had a motive. An opportunity.
Not to mention
she totally murdered my mom.
Kind of.
All right, Mrs. Meade, if you
could just tell us what you remember.
Just so you know, if I had done it,
I would never let my son
take the blame.
Something you learned in prison?
There's two things they always tell you,
do your own time,
and don't trust the po-po.
Okay, so what exactly were you doing
the night of the launch party?
Well, you probably remember us
at the party,
exchanging our usual pleasantries.
You can't push me aside.
Don't you ever threaten
my children, Wilhelmina.
You have no idea the lengths
I will go to protect them.
You're not doing a very good job
of explaining how you're innocent.
Yes, well, Wilhelmina has a way
of getting me worked up.
And that night I found myself needing
a little something to take the edge off.
All right, you slipped up.
You had a drink. So what?
That's the thing.
I can't have just one drink.
I screwed up, Betty.
Wilhelmina Slater,
more like Wilhelmina Slut-er. Get it?
That's okay. I'm so funny.
- Excuse me.
- You!
You're carrying that thing for her!
You're bringing me here
because I got a little wet.
- Yeah.
- Mom.
- Mother, have you been drinking?
- Maybe.
Well, the last one sort of ended up
all over me, really.
- Thank you, Christina.
- Yep.
Thank you.
My mother has struggled with
this one for a long time.
But I can't really blame her.
It's been a stressful week for all of us.
I was sort of dealing with
my own problems that night.
You mean Wilhelmina?
- Yeah, Wilhelmina?
- Yeah.
Let me remind you
of my position at this company
and then all of yours
before I say this doesn't go
any further than this room.
- Okay, right.
- That's great.
We understand.
I work very hard to look poised.
But sometimes,
things slip through the cracks.
Oh, my God,
what did you find?
Facial hair.
- Facial hair?
I'd forgotten to take my estrogen.
I go to great lengths to maintain
the illusion that I was born a woman.
But I wasn't.
You know,
I think if I had fresh lipstick.
Yeah, I...
I'll be honest.
I didn't even notice Christina leaving.
I guess she must have snuck out
while I was helping my mom.
The rest of the night was spent
trying to hail a taxi,
and keep my mom from getting sick
on my brand new Donna Karan.
Wow! I never knew
Alexis went through that.
Or Claire. Or you, Amanda,
with your credit cards.
I mean, you'd think there was an easy
explanation for these things,
but there just isn't.
I know, but after talking to everyone,
it really does seem like Daniel did it.
And I'm genuinely surprised.
No! Daniel is innocent. I know he is.
Maybe Wilhelmina
could help us prove it.
- Prove what?
- Prove that Daniel's innocent.
I didn't understand that part.
Christina was standing right here,
so, okay, guys, go ahead.
Throw the mannequin down the stairs.
I don't want to be critical here,
but we can't re-enact this crime with
that mannequin. It's way too skinny.
So true. We need something heavy,
that can double as
a convincing pregnant woman.
Guys, don't be ridiculous.
I'm not gonna let you
throw me down the stairs.
Just relax, you won't break anything
unless you tense up!
Marc, I said let me go!
Are you guys crazy?
You could have killed us!
Great. Can you have my raincoat
dry-cleaned while you're at it?
Hello, Dusty!
Oh, my God, Daniel's coat.
Dear, I was talking to Barbara Walters'
people about setting up an...
Everything all right? Emotional stress
is not good for the baby.
Stuart came to see me.
His treatment didn't work.
And he's dying.
Well, I suppose that's the danger
of experimental treatments.
Can you just leave me on my own
for a little while? Please?
What did I do?
Daniel! Hi.
I was just looking for some paperwork.
Nope, it's not here.
Hey, I'm glad I found you.
Look, I've just been wanting
to tell you how much your faith in me
has meant during this whole ordeal.
Yeah, of course.
- Is something wrong?
- No. Nothing's wrong.
- Why would anything be wrong?
- I don't know.
Just kind of the way you said,
"nothing's wrong,"
kind of, like, you know,
sounds like there is something wrong.
No.
I got to go.
Betty? Thank God you're here.
I don't know what to do.
Hilda's having an affair.
- Coach Diaz? He's married!
- I know.
Wait, what? You know?
Dad! Enough with the Spanish.
I think Daniel pushed Christina!
What?
I found this in his bag.
It's a security tape from Mode,
the night Christina got pushed.
He stole it.
Do you think he's guilty?
I don't know. I don't know what to think!
I mean, I spent the entire day
trying to prove that he's innocent,
and all I found out was that everything
is more complicated than I thought.
Betty, this is why I worry about you.
I know, Dad, I know.
You think I'm naive, I'm too trusting.
Is it really naive
to want to believe in people?
I mean, look at Hilda.
Okay, so she made a mistake.
She's still a good person.
And I would say the same thing
about Daniel, right before I found this.
That's not being naive, mi hija.
That's faith.
Have you seen it?
No.
I don't want to know
if I'm wrong about Daniel.
What if you're right?
Daniel. This is dirty and awkward.
But why would he want to hide that
from the police?
- It's complicated.
- It's not that complicated, Daniel.
- I've seen the tape.
- Oh, God, not the...
Yes! And I saw it with my dad!
Okay, so the woman
I was with that night,
that was Holly,
the State Department liaison
who's been helping me
with my custody problems.
- And you're sleeping with her?
- No, no.
That happened
after she started helping me.
It wasn't like she started helping me
because we slept together.
But if it ever got out,
I know that's what it would look like.
That's it?
That's why you couldn't say anything?
What, are you crazy?
Daniel, you were arrested
for attempted murder!
Yeah, which I didn't commit!
Look, I had to believe they were
gonna find the real culprit eventually.
Besides, if they ever found out
where I really was that night,
Holly could've lost her job,
I'd lose her help,
and I could lose Daniel Jr. forever!
He's my son, Betty.
I'm not gonna lose him now. I won't.
Oh, my God. Daniel.
I've never been more happy to find out
about one of your sleazy affairs!
I knew you couldn't have
pushed Christina.
I believed in you, and I was right!
Thank you, Betty.
I'm sorry to do this right now,
but I'm late to pick up DJ.
Right. Okay. Yes, you should go.
Would you mind giving
that coat back to Alexis?
- What do you mean, "give it back"?
- She borrowed it a couple days ago.
It looks better on her, anyway.
Alexis, I know you did it.
I don't know
what you're talking about, Betty.
Daniel's coat, you borrowed it.
It had dust from the bottom of the steps
where Christina fell.
So I got his coat dusty, so what?
That doesn't mean anything.
- What about your feet?
- Excuse me?
There are a lot of things
you can change about yourself,
but your shoe size isn't one of them.
Men's size 11. Just like Daniel's.
Same as the ones the police found
at the bottom of the stairs.
You pushed Christina, Alexis.
What do you want?
What you did to Christina was horrible.
But then you stole Daniel's shoes,
and you wore his coat.
You framed your own brother, Alexis!
I didn't mean for that to happen,
I swear.
Yeah, well, that's what it looks like.
The night of the party,
things were bad with Wilhelmina.
I know we've had our differences,
Wilhelmina,
but we're going to have to find
a way to work together.
Spare me, Alexis.
You stabbed me in the back.
So let me give you fair warning,
my freakishly tall girlfriend.
You will never be rid of me,
thanks to this baby.
I know all of your secrets.
And when I get my chance,
you'll never see it coming.
I was so pissed off at her,
I broke a heel.
Brand new Sergio Rossi's, too!
I knew he was my size,
so I went to see if Daniel might
have a pair of shoes that fit me.
Then I saw the facial hair.
And right after that...
I know it's not right,
but at that moment,
I didn't see Christina.
I saw someone else.
You'll never be rid of me.
She was right.
As long as Christina
was carrying her baby,
I would never be rid of her.
My mother passed out.
So I followed Christina
out into the hallway...
And I can't explain it.
But when I saw Christina then,
all I could think of was Wilhelmina
and everything
she's put our family through.
I didn't think. I just...
I ran to her afterward,
made sure she was still alive,
and called 911.
I can't justify what I did.
And Daniel,
I never, ever wanted that to happen.
It was insane. I just kept telling myself,
"He's innocent. It'll go away. "
Oh, God, Betty.
If I could take it back, I would.
But I can't. What do I do?
Well, no one else knows yet.
And I haven't told Daniel because
I know you're a good person, Alexis.
But right now, you're the only person
who can prove that.
Oh, but if you do
It all comes back
Just breathe
Breathe
We tend to forget
we're all the same
We all have joy, we all have pain
Oh, but if we won't remember
How beautiful it would be
If we breathe
Breathe
Believe
We tend to forget we're all the same
We all have joy, we all have pain
Breathe
So, her lawyers are
negotiating the terms of her surrender.
Betty, you'd think you'd know
your own sister by now.
I know. But people can surprise you.
Miss Meade,
if you're ready.
Dear.
Mom, there's one more thing
I have to tell you.
Could you give us
another moment, please?
Thank you.
When I was clearing out my office,
I accidentally opened up a piece
of Daniel's mail.
Darling,
given what we're dealing with here,
I think Daniel's going to
overlook that one.
No, no. He won't.
It was a paternity test.
I don't understand.
Daniel isn't Daniel Jr. 's father.
I am.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org